or not
we continue with the program and now we
we are going to bring a new tire that already
is in the market here better than
nicolás traverso let's talk about this one
radian ate 2 ante is a brand is a
well-known description yes that 's how
well a lot of the public knows that the
art is an off-road tire and that's how it is
in this case it puts you in the nomenclature
2 because it is a superior version
which was that of the next in this tire
is being used quite a lot in what they are
vehicles for mini mining are
adopting by this tire so
we talked and that in the sessions
gone through the cost issue the
tire apart the cost is a
tire that is the guarantee is the
same representative here in Peru
provides the guarantees in the case of
some breakdown immediately the change
complete the tire is not something that
next in the truth here in all
and also in the radio sense
t2 we also have the emt knees that
they are for there much more aggressive floor
mtm chosen either badly or mud
rocky s pair oxapampa to climb like this
this is how they are using
we have sold a lot also in the
new mine that is doing for gold already
I hope the road does not value it
nothing more but is already selling everything
quite that kind of tire is not
basically a tire for a truck
4x4 4 x 2
as I said before
defined and has a few that are the
hard coconuts
you can see now this one has a band
central and has two and has two that is
which is a balanced issue
to tires this is also directional not
it is not not if it is not directing the only
that is the way are part of the
the tire that come out white or if
you prefer to change it so you have the
profile of black color that you can have it
well if you do not want to do or if you want
you can put with pretty
this also has the theme that we had
commented on the high perfomance lines
certain lines that prevents them from
sound a lot reading now not all
we know that many beats on the road to
certain speed is starts at the
buzzing then this one has a
technology that avoids noise but still
having the same clear performance by
one moment all the tires were those
older than were those of the chips s
radios that everyone used to
outside before all these came
I was held hostage by mms and everyone and that's how
they make a clear noise so it's practically
the screen was what we call the
black screen that was was second
super aggressive tire and so far the
use for those who want to acquire them
forget we are on the avenue
spring 11 85 at the height of the bridge
spring ready then the report in
ex in bring if we continue with the
Program